Vocab Builder – An App for Independent Language Learning Vocab Builder is an
application designed for those who want to learn a foreign language
independently. It allows users to add favorite words, create new ones, and edit
them. The app also provides training exercises to help reinforce learned words.

App Functionality The site consists of three main pages and includes login and
registration options. The registration form is validated, requiring a password
with 7 characters, including 6 letters and 1 digit.

If the user is registered, they can add and delete favorite words. After
registration, the user lands in the "Dictionary" section, which contains a list
of words they want to learn. For new users, this table is empty. They can add
words by clicking the "Add" button at the top and entering a word with its
translation for future learning. Alternatively, they can go to the "Recommended"
section.

The "Recommended" section contains a list of words that users can add to their
personal study list by clicking the arrow button on the right. There is also a
filtering function to help find the most suitable words, either by categories or
by entering a specific word. In the "Dictionary" section, users can edit or
delete words from their list by clicking the "..." button on the right, which
opens a modal window where they can choose to delete or edit a word. This
section also allows word filtering.

In the "Training" section, users can test their knowledge by taking quizzes with
words from their list. They must enter the Ukrainian translation of each word
and click "Save" at the end. A modal window will then appear, displaying which
words were translated correctly and which were not. Additionally, the percentage
of learned words will be shown. This app will be your reliable companion in
learning new words and expanding your vocabulary! Technologies Used

HTML/CSS React React Router Axios React Toastify React hook form & Yup

Forma:
https://www.figma.com/file/XRhVBdCX1wPyzCRA567kud/VocabBuilder?type=design&node-id=0-1&mode=design&t=Aa7GiCvVIpx6Nvi5-0

Vocab Builder – застосунок для самостійного вивчення іноземної мови Vocab
Builder – це застосунок, створений для тих, хто хоче вивчати іноземну мову
самостійно. Він дозволяє додавати улюблені слова, створювати нові та редагувати
їх. Також у застосунку є можливість тренуватися та закріплювати вивчені слова за
допомогою навчальних вправ.

Функціонал застосунку

Сайт складається з трьох основних сторінок, а також містить можливість
логінізаціі та реєстрації. Форма реєстрації валідована, пароль має складатися з
7 значень, де 6 букв і 1 цифра.

Якщо користувач зареєстрований, він може додавати улюблені слова та видаляти їх.

Після реєстрації потрапляємо у розділ "Словник", де знаходиться список слів,які
ми хочемо вивчати. Для нового користувача ця таблиця пуста. Він може додати
слова натиснувши зверху кнопку "Додати" і ввести слово з перекладом для
подальшого вивчення. Або перейти до розділу "Рекомендовані".

У розділі "Рекомендовані" міститься список слів, які можна додати до власного
списку для вивчення, шляхом натискання на кнопку справа "стрілочку". Є функція
фільтрації, що допоможе знайти найвідповідніші слова як за категоріями ,так і за
введенням самого слова.

У розділі "Словник" можна редагувати або видаляти слова зі списку шляхом
натискання клнопки справа "...", яка викликає модальне вікно, в якому можна
обрати видалення чи тільки редагування слова. Також в цьому розділі можна
фільтрувати слова.

У розділі "Тренування" можна перевірити свої знання, проходячи тести зі словами
зі свого списку. Ми повинні по черзі вводити переклад слова українською, і в
кінці натиснути кнопку "Зберегти". Нам відобразиться модальне вікно, яке покаже,
які слова ми переклали правильно, які ні. Також буде відображатися відсоток
вивчених слів. Цей застосунок стане вашим надійним помічником у вивченні нових
слів та розширенні словникового запасу!
